yo what's up everybody should boyhood
critic coming straight to you right here
on youtube today I want to do a product
review on a product that I was shipped
last week and I actually had a chance to
install it mod sticks my sticks com this
ain't the FPS freeks by far all right
arm man totally customizable my sticks
right here right here I got the gold
along with the the PlayStation 3
controller right here I got the gun
metal going along with the PlayStation 3
controller totally totally customizable
adjustable analog sticks all right you
get a little forty percent more max
traveled with these things I played a
modern warfare 3 the other day and
phenomenal gameplay phenomenal gameplay
i'm also going to shoot some gameplay
for you guys to see actually how these
things actually work and how they do in
games as well all right i'm so long was
saying that here's your old playstation
3 analog analog stick right here with
the rubber busted off of it okay with
these guys right here you ain't even got
to worry about that because this is all
aluminum all aluma this ain't plastic
this ain't something that you click on
top of your analog stick just to get a
little a height advantage and in a
little leverage this ain't the FPS
freeks this is mod sticks all right mud
sticks com you need to go check them out
um you can adjust your your analog
sticks on the fly if I wanted to get rid
of the gold and I want to start on some
of the guys that I'm playing against I
want to go black and gold I can do that
on the fly all right just go ahead and
connect it on the fly just like that
screw it on BAM you're good to go now I
got the black and gold now if I'm
feeling all gold or from feeling all
black I can go ahead and purchase the UH
the all black mud stick base go with a
gold top if I want to do convex concave
flat lowrider I can do that right on the
fly if I want
change my height I'm an analog stick if
I like to play that at a higher level on
my analog stick I can't get change the
screw out I got a I got a spacer right
here if I like it tall or I don't have
to use the spec spacer if I like it real
low you understand what I'm saying my
sticks calm man moshtix com here's some
of the stuff that he sent me here's the
xbox three xbox 360 excuse me buttons
that I got right here he sent me totally
customizable on the xbox 360 army
PlayStation guys gonna have to wait just
a little bit longer he's gonna be
hooking us up to here's what the kick
comes in first of all you're gonna get
the mod stick pros what I mean by my
estate pro is gonna get the the both my
the buff analog basis you're gonna get
you know any what you order if you want
to order the flatland concave or the
lowrider edition diffusion grips to flat
grips the dome grips whatever you want
he's going to send it to you alright so
you're going to get the you're going to
get the base you're going to get the
grips you're going to get the the
adjustable posts which which are
actually screws that adjusts them high
you got a toddler or taller post a
medium post and a smaller one the
smaller one actually plays as a
PlayStation 3 um original height I
you're actually going to get an allen
key and you can also going to get
spacers and the wrench here's the
playstation 3 wrench um it's basically a
smaller of a smaller Phillips head
screwdriver would you Xbox guys are
going to get the heck the hex
screwdriver alright but like I said you
got that you got the max travel you got
the max traveled which witch is which in
which in meaning that the analog stick
post the post of the analog stick is a
lot skinnier than the old conventional
playstation 3 analog stick just fat fat
you ain't gonna get the max travel with
this guy all right so get rid of these
get you some of these mozz sticks
alright so
you get forty percent more travel um
actually what I actually did was a
little additive I took my control of the
part i got my my Dremel drill ona and
axe to the exacto exacto knife and i
actually cut around the analog hole to
give it a bigger gap because i need that
extra advantage man i need the extra
advantage but you don't have to do that
i actually just went through and
actually customize my controller that
way just to get that extra the extra
little travel on but with these men
they're just fine right out the bag all
right you get that forty percent more
travel it's not that fat post that you
get on this guy and you ain't got to
worry about the rubber busting on you
alright i used a gorilla grip and imma
have to call them guys that uh Gorilla
Glue calm tell them that you know I need
a refund on my purchase because it done
that it did not withstand my excessive
gameplay it did not work trying to glue
this analog rubber analog stick back
together you ain't got to worry about
all that because this is full aluminum
this is all aluminum the same plastic
this ain't one of them things that you
clip on top of your analog stick the FPS
freeks to get that extra leverage your
gameplay you got a skinnier post max
travel they look good you can adjust
them on the fly good to go so check them
out my sticks calm you guys got any
questions any comments rate subscribe
you can also get in touch with me i'm
also a dealer i can get you a good price
on these things ship them out to you if
you want me to uh customize your your
controller what i'll do is either by
brand new controller get the my six that
you guys want i apply the mind sticks
shipping right back out to you all right
your boyhood critic would lie to you man
good product go check them out my sticks
calm